c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\bin\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.exe.config
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\bin\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.exe
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\bin\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.pdb
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.g.resources
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.exe
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\Exam_VSTBuh.pdb
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow Sale Report\NewReport.baml
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow Sale Report\NewSale.baml
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow Sale Report\NewReport.g.cs
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\MainWindow Sale Report\NewSale.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ProgStart\Login.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ProgStart\WaitWindow.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ProgStart\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ProgStart\WaitWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\DB_Folder\StatisticWindow.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\DB_Folder\StatisticWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddGood.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddNonGood.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddWHouse.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddGood.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddNonGood.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\AddingWindows\AddWHouse.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeGood.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeNonGood.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeWHouse.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeGood.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeNonGood.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Exam_VSTBuh\Exam_VSTBuh\obj\Debug\ChangeWindow\ChangeWHouse.g.cs
